Replace sensitive language where possible (#27229)
dotnet/docs: docs/standard/linq/linq-xml-vs-xml-technologies.md

However, XSLT doesn't take advantage of the C# and Visual Basic knowledge that many developers have. It requires developers to write code in a different and complex programming language. Using two non-integrated development systems such as C# (or Visual Basic) and XSLT results in software systems that are more difficult to develop and maintain.

> After you've grasped LINQ to XML query expressions, LINQ to XML transformations are a powerful technology that's easy to use. Basically, you form your XML document by using functional construction, pulling in data from various sources, constructing <xref:System.Xml.Linq.XElement> objects dynamically, and assembling the whole into a new XML tree. The transformation can generate a completely new document. Constructing transformations in LINQ to XML is relatively easy and intuitive, and the resulting code is readable. This reduces development and maintenance costs.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After you've become proficient in using LINQ to XML query expressions, LINQ to XML transformations are a powerful technology that's easy to use. Basically, you form your XML document by using functional construction, pulling in data from various sources, constructing <xref:System.Xml.Linq.XElement> objects dynamically, and assembling the whole into a new XML tree. The transformation can generate a completely new document. Constructing transformations in LINQ to XML is relatively easy and intuitive, and the resulting code is readable. This reduces development and maintenance costs.
```
